Don't scream, brat
I don't know your dad
What are you talking about?
You've been out for a month and I don't even know you
I am your son Wu Feng
President Liu
Don't believe him, this is called by Chu Feng to frame him
For the master
Do you still know me?
Are you Mr. Chu?
Mr. Chu, you are amazing
I painted in the village before
I knew you were extraordinary
I didn't expect the area to be so large after you went down the mountain.
It was an honor for me to give you the section chief back then.
It's all fake name
Oh no.
When you engraved my seal, you kept one for yourself
Is that seal still with you?
Hey, yeah, yeah.
Of course it's still there.
This seal is now my bragging rights
I'm telling everyone now
This is the seal of Mr. Yunmo
I carved it.
Mr. Chu, wait a minute.
I'll take it out for you to see.
Oh hey
Mr. Yun Mo
Where are you going?
I don't think you believe me now.
I'm too lazy to argue with them either. Let go
I think sir, don't worry.
Results will be available soon.
If I misunderstood you
Then I will naturally apologize to you.
But if you let me know that you lied to me
Humph presumptuous
President Liu
Are you not afraid that I will make your Calligraphy and Painting Association disappear?
Mr. Chu, my seal is missing
Master Wu, don't look for it.
Your seal.
Here it is. Oops.
Just take it out
No, Ding Zun likes your seal very much.
Still holding your seal
Pretend to be me
What!